✨ Add Home Assistant Taskbar Menu to Uncategorized (#281)
frenck/awesome-home-assistant: README.md

- [HASS-data-detective](https://github.com/robmarkcole/HASS-data-detective) - Explore and analyse your database data.
- [ADB Intents](https://gist.github.com/mcfrojd/9e6875e1db5c089b1e3ddeb7dba0f304) - List of ADB intents to control Android Devices.
- [Home Assistant Config Helper for VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=keesschollaart.vscode-home-assistant) - Visual Studio Code Extension that provides auto-completion, config validation and snippets when editting your configuration.

> - [Home Assistant Taskbar Menu](https://github.com/PiotrMachowski/Home-Assistant-Taskbar-Menu) - This application is a simple Home Assistant client for Windows. It can display Lovelace views, control entities and show persistent notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Home Assistant Taskbar Menu](https://github.com/PiotrMachowski/Home-Assistant-Taskbar-Menu) - A client for Windows that can display Lovelace views, control entities and show persistent notifications.
```
